1080p changes in the library and sample. (#245)
opentok/opentok-network-test-js: README.md

    (`true`) or not (`false`, the default). Disabling scalable video
    was added in OpenTok.js version 2.24.7.

>   * `fullHd` (Boolean) -- (Optional) Allows publishing with a resolution of 1080x1920. If the camera does not support 1080x1920 resolution, an `UNSUPPORTED_RESOLUTION_ERROR` will be returned.

Reviewer: The `UNSUPPORTED_RESOLUTION_ERROR` is not _returned_. The `OTNetworkTest.testConnectivity()` method is rejected with an error that has the name property set to `UNSUPPORTED_RESOLUTION_ERROR`, right?

>   * `fullHd` (Boolean) -- (Optional) Allows publishing with a resolution of 1080x1920. If the camera does not support 1080x1920 resolution, an `UNSUPPORTED_RESOLUTION_ERROR` will be returned.

Author: Correct @jeffswartz thanks

>   * `fullHd` (Boolean) -- (Optional) Allows publishing with a resolution of 1080x1920. If the camera does not support 1080x1920 resolution, an `UNSUPPORTED_RESOLUTION_ERROR` will be returned.

Author: Updated. And portrait do not affect this since the method check the camera resolution, and not the video element

    * `reason` (String) -- A string describing the reason for an unsupported video recommendation.
      For example, `'No camera was found.'`
    
    * `qualityLimitationReason` (String) --  The qualityLimitationReason indicates the reason behind 

>        any limitations in media quality during a session. It can have values: `cpu` for CPU overload, `bandwidth` for insufficient network bandwidth and `none` if there is no limition.

Reviewer: So, if you try to test FHD, and it is not supported, this is set, right? But the `recommendedResolution` could be set to a lower resolution? That may be confusing.

Author: We can discuss about it @jeffswartz

>        any limitations in media quality during a session. It can have values: `cpu` for CPU overload, `bandwidth` for insufficient network bandwidth and `none` if there is no limition.

Reviewer: When I run the sample app, `results.video.qualityLimitationReason` is undefined.

Author: Hey @jeffswartz, could you please check if you're using the latest version? I just tested it from scratch, and it's works

Reviewer: @vona-ben The issue occurs in Node 16. The `file://..` reference in the sample/package.json file is invalid (in Node 16 only, it seems), and it appears that when you run `npm install` (in the sample app), it pulls the opentok-network-test-js library from npmjs! I added a commit to fix this.

>     * `qualityLimitationReason` (String) --  The qualityLimitationReason indicates the reason behind 
>        any limitations in media quality during a session. It can have values: `cpu` for CPU overload, `bandwidth` for insufficient network bandwidth and `none` if there is no limition.

Reviewer: Is this accurate:

```suggestion
    * `qualityLimitationReason` (String) --  Indicates the reason behind
       the highest resolution tested failing. It can have values: `'cpu'` for CPU overload, `'bandwidth'` for insufficient network bandwidth, and `'none'` if there is no limitation.
```

|   `SUBSCRIBE_TO_SESSION_ERROR` | The test encountered an unknown error while attempting to subscribe to a test stream. | 
|   `SUBSCRIBER_GET_STATS_ERROR` | The test failed to get audio and video statistics for the test stream. | 

> #### Errors thrown by the OTNetworkTest.checkCameraSupport() method

Reviewer: Thanks for adding this method.

Please add a section describing this new `OTNetworkTest.checkCameraSupport()` method under the "OTNetworkTest.testConnectivity()" section (under "API reference" in the readme).

Can you add some code to the sample app that disables the `fullHdCheckbox` element if FHD camera support is not available?

Author: @jeffswartz Let's push this in another PR if we need this feature
